p05.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 604.17s
p19.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 604.32s
p28.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 603.90s
p01.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 6, highest h 25, planner time 604.09s
p30.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 603.58s
p24.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 604.20s
p15.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 603.45s
p09.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 604.10s
p11.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 604.56s
p20.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 604.47s
p25.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 604.12s
p14.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 4, highest h 25, planner time 603.99s
p08.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 603.84s
p10.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 603.86s
p21.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 604.11s
p04.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 604.16s
p18.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 603.78s
p29.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 604.04s
p27.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 603.96s
p16.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 603.40s
p12.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 603.69s
p23.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 603.83s
p06.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 604.04s
p02.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 603.91s
p07.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 603.49s
p03.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 603.95s
p26.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 603.59s
p17.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 1, highest h 25, planner time 603.70s
p13.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 603.84s
p22.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 604.30s
