p21.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 90, highest h 0, planner time 1199.02s
p10.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 73, highest h 0, planner time 1199.91s
p08.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 69, highest h 0, planner time 1199.49s
p14.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 78, highest h 0, planner time 1199.15s
p25.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 94, highest h 0, planner time 1199.12s
p29.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 101, highest h 0, planner time 1199.49s
p18.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 84, highest h 0, planner time 1199.22s
p04.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 63, highest h 0, planner time 1199.43s
p30.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 105, highest h 0, planner time 1199.70s
p01.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 60, highest h 0, planner time 1199.28s
p28.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 101, highest h 0, planner time 1199.44s
p19.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 86, highest h 0, planner time 1199.35s
p05.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 64, highest h 0, planner time 1199.95s
p20.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 88, highest h 0, planner time 1199.27s
p11.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 75, highest h 0, planner time 1199.73s
p09.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 71, highest h 0, planner time 1199.11s
p15.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 79, highest h 0, planner time 1199.11s
p24.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 95, highest h 0, planner time 1199.72s
p03.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 63, highest h 0, planner time 1199.98s
p07.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 66, highest h 0, planner time 1199.94s
p22.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 91, highest h 0, planner time 1199.94s
p13.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 76, highest h 0, planner time 1199.36s
p17.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 83, highest h 0, planner time 1199.03s
p26.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 98, highest h 0, planner time 1199.76s
p23.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 93, highest h 0, planner time 1199.96s
p12.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 76, highest h 0, planner time 1199.38s
p16.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 81, highest h 0, planner time 1198.94s
p27.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 98, highest h 0, planner time 1199.01s
p02.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 61, highest h 0, planner time 1199.59s
p06.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 66, highest h 0, planner time 1199.33s
