p17.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 13, highest h 0, planner time 1198.46s
p26.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 4, highest h 0, planner time 1199.23s
p22.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 12, highest h 0, planner time 1199.06s
p13.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 16, highest h 0, planner time 1199.26s
p07.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 30, highest h 0, planner time 1199.01s
p03.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 174, highest h 0, planner time 1199.17s
p06.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 34, highest h 0, planner time 1199.71s
p02.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 47, highest h 0, planner time 1199.21s
p16.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 34, highest h 0, planner time 1199.88s
p27.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 24, highest h 0, planner time 1199.22s
p23.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 7, highest h 0, planner time 1200.09s
p12.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 186, highest h 0, planner time 1199.60s
p04.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 144, highest h 0, planner time 1199.23s
p29.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 17, highest h 0, planner time 1199.58s
p18.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 18, highest h 0, planner time 1198.93s
p14.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 22, highest h 0, planner time 1199.24s
p25.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 6, highest h 0, planner time 1199.30s
p08.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 24, highest h 0, planner time 1199.78s
p21.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 30, highest h 0, planner time 1198.20s
p10.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 103, highest h 0, planner time 1199.01s
p15.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 30, highest h 0, planner time 1199.76s
p24.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 32, highest h 0, planner time 1199.05s
p09.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 87, highest h 0, planner time 1199.30s
p20.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 8, highest h 0, planner time 1199.39s
p11.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 58, highest h 0, planner time 1199.02s
p05.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 94, highest h 0, planner time 1199.30s
p28.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 39, highest h 0, planner time 1198.84s
p19.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 53, highest h 0, planner time 1199.17s
p30.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1199.72s
p01.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 90, highest h 0, planner time 1199.80s
