p12.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 11, highest h 0, planner time 1199.58s
p23.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 4, highest h 0, planner time 1199.80s
p27.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 0, planner time 1199.78s
p16.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 9, highest h 0, planner time 1199.94s
p02.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 26, highest h 0, planner time 1199.78s
p06.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 22, highest h 0, planner time 1199.71s
p03.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 30, highest h 0, planner time 1199.31s
p07.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 16, highest h 0, planner time 1199.60s
p13.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 11, highest h 0, planner time 1199.47s
p22.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 7, highest h 0, planner time 1200.02s
p26.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 5, highest h 0, planner time 1199.69s
p17.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 7, highest h 0, planner time 1200.14s
p01.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 37, highest h 0, planner time 1199.63s
p30.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 0, planner time 1200.33s
p19.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 6, highest h 0, planner time 1199.54s
p28.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 0, planner time 1199.86s
p05.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 25, highest h 0, planner time 1199.52s
p11.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 13, highest h 0, planner time 1199.83s
p20.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 6, highest h 0, planner time 1199.98s
p09.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 17, highest h 0, planner time 1199.90s
p24.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 6, highest h 0, planner time 1199.94s
p15.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 9, highest h 0, planner time 1199.90s
p10.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 15, highest h 0, planner time 1199.78s
p21.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 5, highest h 0, planner time 1200.01s
p08.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 18, highest h 0, planner time 1199.60s
p25.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 4, highest h 0, planner time 1199.30s
p14.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 10, highest h 0, planner time 1199.64s
p18.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 6, highest h 0, planner time 1199.40s
p29.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 0, planner time 1199.31s
p04.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 27, highest h 0, planner time 1199.66s
