p04.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 13, highest h 0, planner time 1199.45s
p18.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 0, planner time 1200.03s
p29.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 1, highest h 0, planner time 1199.59s
p25.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1199.65s
p14.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 5, highest h 0, planner time 1199.32s
p10.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 6, highest h 0, planner time 1199.96s
p21.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1199.44s
p08.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 7, highest h 0, planner time 1199.45s
p24.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1199.53s
p15.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 4, highest h 0, planner time 1200.03s
p11.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 6, highest h 0, planner time 1199.25s
p20.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 0, planner time 1199.59s
p09.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 7, highest h 0, planner time 1199.55s
p05.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 11, highest h 0, planner time 1199.59s
p01.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 27, highest h 0, planner time 1200.01s
p30.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 1, highest h 0, planner time 1199.36s
p19.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 0, planner time 1200.06s
p28.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 1, highest h 0, planner time 1200.05s
p26.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 1, highest h 0, planner time 1199.24s
p17.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 4, highest h 0, planner time 1199.82s
p13.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 5, highest h 0, planner time 1200.21s
p22.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1200.07s
p07.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 8, highest h 0, planner time 1199.28s
p03.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 18, highest h 0, planner time 1199.15s
p06.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 11, highest h 0, planner time 1200.02s
p02.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 39, highest h 0, planner time 1200.07s
p27.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 1, highest h 0, planner time 1199.45s
p16.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 4, highest h 0, planner time 1199.93s
p12.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 5, highest h 0, planner time 1199.67s
p23.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1199.88s
