p12.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 74, highest h 0, planner time 1199.63s
p23.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 91, highest h 0, planner time 1199.39s
p27.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 98, highest h 0, planner time 1199.25s
p16.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 79, highest h 0, planner time 1199.28s
p02.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 57, highest h 0, planner time 1199.83s
p06.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 62, highest h 0, planner time 1199.57s
p03.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 59, highest h 0, planner time 1199.13s
p07.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 66, highest h 0, planner time 1199.01s
p13.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 74, highest h 0, planner time 1199.81s
p22.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 89, highest h 0, planner time 1199.44s
p26.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 96, highest h 0, planner time 1199.98s
p17.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 81, highest h 0, planner time 1199.28s
p01.pddl: Solution found with plan length 199, expanded 353, evaluated 105955, generated 109583, highest h 0, planner time 762.80s
p30.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 103, highest h 0, planner time 1199.57s
p19.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 84, highest h 0, planner time 1199.76s
p28.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 99, highest h 0, planner time 1199.24s
p05.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 62, highest h 0, planner time 1200.12s
p11.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 73, highest h 0, planner time 1200.07s
p20.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 86, highest h 0, planner time 1200.13s
p09.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 67, highest h 0, planner time 1199.46s
p24.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 93, highest h 0, planner time 1199.98s
p15.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 77, highest h 0, planner time 1199.45s
p10.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 71, highest h 0, planner time 1199.30s
p21.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 88, highest h 0, planner time 1199.23s
p08.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 67, highest h 0, planner time 1199.84s
p25.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 94, highest h 0, planner time 1199.31s
p14.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 76, highest h 0, planner time 1199.31s
p18.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 82, highest h 0, planner time 1199.14s
p29.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 101, highest h 0, planner time 1199.75s
p04.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 61, highest h 0, planner time 1199.64s
