p04.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 17, highest h 0, planner time 1199.37s
p18.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 4, highest h 0, planner time 1199.92s
p29.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 1, highest h 0, planner time 1199.83s
p25.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1199.55s
p14.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 5, highest h 0, planner time 1199.40s
p10.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 7, highest h 0, planner time 1199.87s
p21.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 0, planner time 1199.60s
p08.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 8, highest h 0, planner time 1199.50s
p24.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1199.51s
p15.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 4, highest h 0, planner time 1200.03s
p11.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 6, highest h 0, planner time 1199.40s
p20.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 0, planner time 1199.58s
p09.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 8, highest h 0, planner time 1199.62s
p05.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 15, highest h 0, planner time 1199.58s
p01.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 33, highest h 0, planner time 1199.89s
p30.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 1, highest h 0, planner time 1200.16s
p19.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 0, planner time 1200.32s
p28.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 1, highest h 0, planner time 1200.00s
p26.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1199.22s
p17.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 5, highest h 0, planner time 1199.81s
p13.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 5, highest h 0, planner time 1200.19s
p22.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1200.08s
p07.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 9, highest h 0, planner time 1199.44s
p03.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 25, highest h 0, planner time 1199.20s
p06.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 13, highest h 0, planner time 1199.91s
p02.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 33, highest h 0, planner time 1200.06s
p27.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 1, highest h 0, planner time 1199.41s
p16.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 4, highest h 0, planner time 1199.98s
p12.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 6, highest h 0, planner time 1199.68s
p23.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1200.02s
