p05.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 600.54s
p19.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 602.04s
p28.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 602.01s
p01.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 602.62s
p30.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 602.14s
p24.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 602.00s
p15.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 602.08s
p09.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 601.91s
p11.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 602.01s
p20.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 602.06s
p25.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 602.33s
p14.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 602.44s
p08.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 602.26s
p10.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 602.59s
p21.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 29, planner time 602.61s
p04.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 602.79s
p18.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 602.59s
p29.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 602.63s
p27.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 602.52s
p16.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 602.87s
p12.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 602.83s
p23.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 602.49s
p06.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 602.53s
p02.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 602.60s
p07.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 602.54s
p03.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 602.51s
p26.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 602.55s
p17.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 6, highest h 28, planner time 602.37s
p13.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 602.36s
p22.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 602.50s
