p04.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 41, highest h 0, planner time 1199.54s
p18.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 6, highest h 0, planner time 1199.62s
p29.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1200.07s
p25.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 0, planner time 1199.37s
p14.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 9, highest h 0, planner time 1200.15s
p10.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 16, highest h 0, planner time 1199.83s
p21.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 5, highest h 0, planner time 1200.03s
p08.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 28, highest h 0, planner time 1199.17s
p24.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 0, planner time 1199.91s
p15.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 8, highest h 0, planner time 1199.95s
p11.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 14, highest h 0, planner time 1199.26s
p20.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 5, highest h 0, planner time 1199.33s
p09.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 21, highest h 0, planner time 1199.39s
p05.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 33, highest h 0, planner time 1199.57s
p01.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 36, highest h 0, planner time 1199.94s
p30.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 1, highest h 0, planner time 1199.52s
p19.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 5, highest h 0, planner time 1199.73s
p28.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1199.13s
p26.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1199.76s
p17.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 7, highest h 0, planner time 1199.78s
p13.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 10, highest h 0, planner time 1199.96s
p22.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 4, highest h 0, planner time 1199.57s
p07.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 36, highest h 0, planner time 1199.97s
p03.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 38, highest h 0, planner time 1200.19s
p06.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 36, highest h 0, planner time 1199.91s
p02.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 36, highest h 0, planner time 1199.97s
p27.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1199.94s
p16.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 7, highest h 0, planner time 1199.66s
p12.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 12, highest h 0, planner time 1199.50s
p23.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 0, planner time 1199.59s
