p04.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 46, highest h 0, planner time 1199.26s
p18.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 5, highest h 0, planner time 1199.54s
p29.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 1, highest h 0, planner time 1200.06s
p25.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1200.09s
p14.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 7, highest h 0, planner time 1199.24s
p10.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 12, highest h 0, planner time 1199.77s
p21.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 4, highest h 0, planner time 1200.01s
p08.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 16, highest h 0, planner time 1199.23s
p24.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 0, planner time 1200.06s
p15.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 6, highest h 0, planner time 1199.95s
p11.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 10, highest h 0, planner time 1199.34s
p20.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 4, highest h 0, planner time 1199.29s
p09.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 14, highest h 0, planner time 1199.43s
p05.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 31, highest h 0, planner time 1199.67s
p01.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 36, highest h 0, planner time 1199.95s
p30.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 1, highest h 0, planner time 1199.47s
p19.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 5, highest h 0, planner time 1199.78s
p28.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1199.35s
p26.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1199.85s
p17.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 6, highest h 0, planner time 1199.75s
p13.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 8, highest h 0, planner time 1199.99s
p22.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 0, planner time 1199.61s
p07.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 21, highest h 0, planner time 1200.16s
p03.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 27, highest h 0, planner time 1200.11s
p06.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 49, highest h 0, planner time 1199.83s
p02.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 39, highest h 0, planner time 1200.04s
p27.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1200.01s
p16.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 6, highest h 0, planner time 1199.68s
p12.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 10, highest h 0, planner time 1199.51s
p23.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 0, planner time 1199.65s
