p05.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 53, highest h 0, planner time 1199.38s
p30.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 63, highest h 0, planner time 1199.72s
p01.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 43, highest h 0, planner time 1199.24s
p28.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 57, highest h 0, planner time 1199.83s
p19.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 95, highest h 0, planner time 1199.65s
p15.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 41, highest h 0, planner time 1199.56s
p24.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 51, highest h 0, planner time 1199.69s
p20.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 98, highest h 0, planner time 1199.58s
p11.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 71, highest h 0, planner time 1199.38s
p09.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 65, highest h 0, planner time 1199.52s
p14.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 38, highest h 0, planner time 1199.47s
p25.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 50, highest h 0, planner time 1199.58s
p21.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 101, highest h 0, planner time 1199.59s
p10.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 68, highest h 0, planner time 1199.53s
p08.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 62, highest h 0, planner time 1199.45s
p04.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 50, highest h 0, planner time 1199.34s
p29.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 59, highest h 0, planner time 1199.74s
p18.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 92, highest h 0, planner time 1199.52s
p16.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 86, highest h 0, planner time 1199.42s
p27.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 56, highest h 0, planner time 1199.73s
p23.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 107, highest h 0, planner time 1199.60s
p12.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 74, highest h 0, planner time 1199.36s
p06.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 56, highest h 0, planner time 1199.48s
p02.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 46, highest h 0, planner time 1199.45s
p07.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 59, highest h 0, planner time 1199.39s
p03.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 47, highest h 0, planner time 1199.29s
p17.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 47, highest h 0, planner time 1199.63s
p26.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 56, highest h 0, planner time 1199.66s
p22.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 104, highest h 0, planner time 1199.75s
p13.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 42, highest h 0, planner time 1199.52s
