p09.pddl: Solution found with plan length 11, expanded 12, evaluated 50, generated 91, highest h 0, planner time 10.75s
p20.pddl: Solution found with plan length 24, expanded 33, evaluated 263, generated 457, highest h 0, planner time 9.40s
p11.pddl: Solution found with plan length 14, expanded 17, evaluated 75, generated 146, highest h 0, planner time 8.85s
p15.pddl: Solution found with plan length 17, expanded 20, evaluated 124, generated 213, highest h 0, planner time 9.23s
p24.pddl: Solution found with plan length 28, expanded 28, evaluated 278, generated 469, highest h 0, planner time 9.76s
p28.pddl: Solution found with plan length 36, expanded 52, evaluated 500, generated 967, highest h 0, planner time 10.12s
p19.pddl: Solution found with plan length 24, expanded 28, evaluated 231, generated 386, highest h 0, planner time 9.68s
p30.pddl: Solution found with plan length 33, expanded 36, evaluated 409, generated 712, highest h 0, planner time 9.84s
p01.pddl: Solution found with plan length 4, expanded 4, evaluated 9, generated 14, highest h 0, planner time 9.09s
p05.pddl: Solution found with plan length 7, expanded 7, evaluated 25, generated 39, highest h 0, planner time 8.72s
p29.pddl: Solution found with plan length 35, expanded 35, evaluated 388, generated 657, highest h 0, planner time 10.37s
p18.pddl: Solution found with plan length 18, expanded 19, evaluated 165, generated 248, highest h 0, planner time 9.13s
p04.pddl: Solution found with plan length 8, expanded 8, evaluated 21, generated 36, highest h 0, planner time 9.31s
p08.pddl: Solution found with plan length 11, expanded 11, evaluated 44, generated 73, highest h 0, planner time 9.50s
p21.pddl: Solution found with plan length 25, expanded 29, evaluated 244, generated 425, highest h 0, planner time 9.46s
p10.pddl: Solution found with plan length 15, expanded 19, evaluated 74, generated 161, highest h 0, planner time 9.67s
p14.pddl: Solution found with plan length 17, expanded 22, evaluated 136, generated 235, highest h 0, planner time 10.20s
p25.pddl: Solution found with plan length 30, expanded 37, evaluated 367, generated 622, highest h 0, planner time 10.83s
p02.pddl: Solution found with plan length 4, expanded 5, evaluated 9, generated 17, highest h 0, planner time 9.34s
p06.pddl: Solution found with plan length 8, expanded 8, evaluated 25, generated 44, highest h 0, planner time 9.24s
p23.pddl: Solution found with plan length 27, expanded 39, evaluated 313, generated 612, highest h 0, planner time 10.23s
p12.pddl: Solution found with plan length 13, expanded 15, evaluated 93, generated 146, highest h 0, planner time 9.58s
p16.pddl: Solution found with plan length 22, expanded 22, evaluated 148, generated 257, highest h 0, planner time 10.09s
p27.pddl: Solution found with plan length 33, expanded 35, evaluated 348, generated 619, highest h 0, planner time 10.51s
p22.pddl: Solution found with plan length 28, expanded 30, evaluated 259, generated 440, highest h 0, planner time 10.13s
p13.pddl: Solution found with plan length 18, expanded 22, evaluated 103, generated 210, highest h 0, planner time 9.52s
p17.pddl: Solution found with plan length 20, expanded 21, evaluated 160, generated 267, highest h 0, planner time 9.94s
p26.pddl: Solution found with plan length 31, expanded 37, evaluated 385, generated 656, highest h 0, planner time 10.62s
p03.pddl: Solution found with plan length 4, expanded 4, evaluated 11, generated 18, highest h 0, planner time 9.58s
p07.pddl: Solution found with plan length 10, expanded 11, evaluated 46, generated 75, highest h 0, planner time 9.71s
