p06.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 56, highest h 0, planner time 1199.52s
p02.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 46, highest h 0, planner time 1199.43s
p16.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 42, highest h 0, planner time 1199.77s
p27.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 56, highest h 0, planner time 1200.20s
p23.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 107, highest h 0, planner time 1199.98s
p12.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 74, highest h 0, planner time 1199.63s
p17.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 44, highest h 0, planner time 1199.91s
p26.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 57, highest h 0, planner time 1200.33s
p22.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 104, highest h 0, planner time 1199.94s
p13.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 77, highest h 0, planner time 1199.71s
p07.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 59, highest h 0, planner time 1199.59s
p03.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 47, highest h 0, planner time 1199.55s
p15.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 39, highest h 0, planner time 1199.79s
p24.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 55, highest h 0, planner time 1200.08s
p09.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 65, highest h 0, planner time 1199.42s
p20.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 98, highest h 0, planner time 1199.99s
p11.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 71, highest h 0, planner time 1199.69s
p05.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 53, highest h 0, planner time 1199.50s
p28.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 55, highest h 0, planner time 1199.19s
p19.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 95, highest h 0, planner time 1199.85s
p30.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 58, highest h 0, planner time 1199.31s
p01.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 43, highest h 0, planner time 1199.44s
p04.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 50, highest h 0, planner time 1199.52s
p29.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 56, highest h 0, planner time 1199.19s
p18.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 92, highest h 0, planner time 1199.88s
p14.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 36, highest h 0, planner time 1199.77s
p25.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 57, highest h 0, planner time 1200.17s
p08.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 62, highest h 0, planner time 1199.53s
p21.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 101, highest h 0, planner time 1199.89s
p10.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 68, highest h 0, planner time 1199.49s
