p26.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 33, highest h 0, planner time 1200.12s
p17.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 59, highest h 0, planner time 1199.69s
p13.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 92, highest h 0, planner time 1198.98s
p22.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 49, highest h 0, planner time 1199.70s
p07.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 81, highest h 0, planner time 1199.10s
p03.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 60, highest h 0, planner time 1199.16s
p06.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 96, highest h 0, planner time 1199.49s
p02.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 70, highest h 0, planner time 1199.32s
p27.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 74, highest h 0, planner time 1199.15s
p16.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 53, highest h 0, planner time 1199.45s
p12.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 70, highest h 0, planner time 1199.56s
p23.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 72, highest h 0, planner time 1199.70s
p04.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 112, highest h 0, planner time 1198.94s
p18.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 114, highest h 0, planner time 1199.60s
p29.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 26, highest h 0, planner time 1199.35s
p25.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 84, highest h 0, planner time 1199.48s
p14.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 96, highest h 0, planner time 1199.59s
p08.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 41, highest h 0, planner time 1198.70s
p10.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 70, highest h 0, planner time 1199.16s
p21.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 21, highest h 0, planner time 1199.09s
p24.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 53, highest h 0, planner time 1199.85s
p15.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 101, highest h 0, planner time 1199.62s
p09.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 71, highest h 0, planner time 1198.65s
p11.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 122, highest h 0, planner time 1199.50s
p20.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 13, highest h 0, planner time 1199.45s
p05.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 57, highest h 0, planner time 1199.67s
p19.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 29, highest h 0, planner time 1199.79s
p28.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 25, highest h 0, planner time 1199.39s
p01.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 72, highest h 0, planner time 1199.51s
p30.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 14, highest h 0, planner time 1200.14s
