p06.pddl: Solution found with plan length 8, expanded 12, evaluated 16, generated 15, highest h 0, planner time 9.42s
p02.pddl: Solution found with plan length 7, expanded 7, evaluated 9, generated 8, highest h 0, planner time 9.35s
p16.pddl: Solution found with plan length 14, expanded 31, evaluated 58, generated 66, highest h 0, planner time 9.75s
p27.pddl: Solution found with plan length 21, expanded 56, evaluated 144, generated 175, highest h 0, planner time 10.06s
p23.pddl: Solution found with plan length 18, expanded 60, evaluated 120, generated 207, highest h 0, planner time 9.91s
p12.pddl: Solution found with plan length 11, expanded 15, evaluated 26, generated 25, highest h 0, planner time 9.47s
p17.pddl: Solution found with plan length 14, expanded 24, evaluated 51, generated 51, highest h 0, planner time 9.58s
p26.pddl: Solution found with plan length 20, expanded 45, evaluated 139, generated 153, highest h 0, planner time 10.01s
p22.pddl: Solution found with plan length 17, expanded 25, evaluated 74, generated 74, highest h 0, planner time 9.83s
p13.pddl: Solution found with plan length 13, expanded 21, evaluated 43, generated 42, highest h 0, planner time 9.50s
p07.pddl: Solution found with plan length 10, expanded 16, evaluated 26, generated 25, highest h 0, planner time 9.40s
p03.pddl: Solution found with plan length 7, expanded 7, evaluated 9, generated 8, highest h 0, planner time 9.33s
p15.pddl: Solution found with plan length 14, expanded 21, evaluated 44, generated 43, highest h 0, planner time 9.94s
p24.pddl: Solution found with plan length 18, expanded 41, evaluated 92, generated 110, highest h 0, planner time 9.75s
p09.pddl: Solution found with plan length 10, expanded 14, evaluated 23, generated 22, highest h 0, planner time 9.58s
p20.pddl: Solution found with plan length 17, expanded 29, evaluated 83, generated 86, highest h 0, planner time 9.71s
p11.pddl: Solution found with plan length 11, expanded 17, evaluated 28, generated 27, highest h 0, planner time 9.44s
p05.pddl: Solution found with plan length 7, expanded 8, evaluated 12, generated 12, highest h 0, planner time 9.35s
p28.pddl: Solution found with plan length 21, expanded 63, evaluated 154, generated 186, highest h 0, planner time 10.11s
p19.pddl: Solution found with plan length 17, expanded 47, evaluated 102, generated 124, highest h 0, planner time 9.85s
p30.pddl: Solution found with plan length 21, expanded 58, evaluated 148, generated 178, highest h 0, planner time 10.22s
p01.pddl: Solution found with plan length 7, expanded 7, evaluated 9, generated 8, highest h 0, planner time 9.31s
p04.pddl: Solution found with plan length 7, expanded 8, evaluated 11, generated 10, highest h 0, planner time 9.32s
p29.pddl: Solution found with plan length 21, expanded 56, evaluated 143, generated 172, highest h 0, planner time 10.01s
p18.pddl: Solution found with plan length 14, expanded 39, evaluated 67, generated 86, highest h 0, planner time 9.64s
p14.pddl: Solution found with plan length 14, expanded 29, evaluated 53, generated 61, highest h 0, planner time 9.57s
p25.pddl: Solution found with plan length 20, expanded 52, evaluated 139, generated 173, highest h 0, planner time 10.19s
p08.pddl: Solution found with plan length 10, expanded 15, evaluated 24, generated 23, highest h 0, planner time 9.44s
p21.pddl: Solution found with plan length 17, expanded 36, evaluated 83, generated 100, highest h 0, planner time 9.74s
p10.pddl: Solution found with plan length 11, expanded 17, evaluated 29, generated 28, highest h 0, planner time 9.46s
