p17.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 6, highest h 0, planner time 1199.75s
p26.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 0, planner time 1200.04s
p22.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 7, highest h 0, planner time 1199.57s
p13.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 8, highest h 0, planner time 1199.13s
p07.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 22, highest h 0, planner time 1199.12s
p03.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 74, highest h 0, planner time 1199.08s
p06.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 150, highest h 0, planner time 1198.71s
p02.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 62, highest h 0, planner time 1199.62s
p16.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 14, highest h 0, planner time 1199.31s
p27.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 10, highest h 0, planner time 1199.51s
p23.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 4, highest h 0, planner time 1199.14s
p12.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 123, highest h 0, planner time 1199.37s
p04.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 138, highest h 0, planner time 1199.06s
p29.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 11, highest h 0, planner time 1200.19s
p18.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 8, highest h 0, planner time 1199.82s
p14.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 27, highest h 0, planner time 1199.86s
p25.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 0, planner time 1199.38s
p08.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 12, highest h 0, planner time 1199.77s
p21.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 11, highest h 0, planner time 1200.10s
p10.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 157, highest h 0, planner time 1199.88s
p15.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 13, highest h 0, planner time 1199.04s
p24.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 21, highest h 0, planner time 1199.61s
p09.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 30, highest h 0, planner time 1199.19s
p20.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 4, highest h 0, planner time 1199.07s
p11.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 32, highest h 0, planner time 1198.78s
p05.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 136, highest h 0, planner time 1198.92s
p28.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 25, highest h 0, planner time 1199.54s
p19.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 24, highest h 0, planner time 1199.91s
p30.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 1, highest h 0, planner time 1200.04s
p01.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 60, highest h 0, planner time 1199.06s
