p16.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 8, highest h 0, planner time 1199.77s
p27.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 0, planner time 1199.54s
p23.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 4, highest h 0, planner time 1199.49s
p12.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 13, highest h 0, planner time 1199.02s
p06.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 23, highest h 0, planner time 1198.78s
p02.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 34, highest h 0, planner time 1198.94s
p07.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 21, highest h 0, planner time 1199.42s
p03.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 30, highest h 0, planner time 1198.81s
p17.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 8, highest h 0, planner time 1198.85s
p26.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 5, highest h 0, planner time 1199.85s
p22.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 5, highest h 0, planner time 1198.96s
p13.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 12, highest h 0, planner time 1198.66s
p05.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 25, highest h 0, planner time 1198.92s
p30.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 0, planner time 1199.60s
p01.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 37, highest h 0, planner time 1199.18s
p28.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 0, planner time 1198.81s
p19.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 6, highest h 0, planner time 1198.83s
p15.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 9, highest h 0, planner time 1198.83s
p24.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 4, highest h 0, planner time 1199.25s
p20.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 6, highest h 0, planner time 1198.72s
p11.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 13, highest h 0, planner time 1198.86s
p09.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 15, highest h 0, planner time 1198.81s
p14.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 9, highest h 0, planner time 1200.00s
p25.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 4, highest h 0, planner time 1198.56s
p21.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 5, highest h 0, planner time 1199.47s
p10.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 15, highest h 0, planner time 1199.35s
p08.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 18, highest h 0, planner time 1198.81s
p04.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 27, highest h 0, planner time 1199.21s
p29.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 0, planner time 1199.27s
p18.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 8, highest h 0, planner time 1198.94s
