p26.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1199.40s
p17.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 5, highest h 0, planner time 1199.37s
p13.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 6, highest h 0, planner time 1199.16s
p22.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 0, planner time 1199.89s
p07.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 14, highest h 0, planner time 1199.77s
p03.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 33, highest h 0, planner time 1200.12s
p06.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 19, highest h 0, planner time 1199.90s
p02.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 33, highest h 0, planner time 1199.81s
p27.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1199.78s
p16.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 5, highest h 0, planner time 1199.14s
p12.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 7, highest h 0, planner time 1199.42s
p23.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1199.52s
p04.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 32, highest h 0, planner time 1199.49s
p18.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 4, highest h 0, planner time 1199.93s
p29.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 1, highest h 0, planner time 1199.46s
p25.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1200.08s
p14.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 6, highest h 0, planner time 1199.71s
p10.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 9, highest h 0, planner time 1200.15s
p21.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 0, planner time 1199.88s
p08.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 12, highest h 0, planner time 1200.03s
p24.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1199.44s
p15.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 5, highest h 0, planner time 1199.84s
p11.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 8, highest h 0, planner time 1199.97s
p20.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 0, planner time 1199.27s
p09.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 11, highest h 0, planner time 1199.40s
p05.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 24, highest h 0, planner time 1199.79s
p01.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 36, highest h 0, planner time 1199.56s
p30.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 1, highest h 0, planner time 1199.34s
p19.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 4, highest h 0, planner time 1199.33s
p28.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 1, highest h 0, planner time 1199.48s
