p17.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 6, highest h 0, planner time 1199.63s
p26.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 0, planner time 1200.02s
p22.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 6, highest h 0, planner time 1200.15s
p13.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 8, highest h 0, planner time 1199.48s
p07.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 20, highest h 0, planner time 1198.93s
p03.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 53, highest h 0, planner time 1198.82s
p06.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 111, highest h 0, planner time 1199.90s
p02.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 35, highest h 0, planner time 1199.63s
p16.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 13, highest h 0, planner time 1199.60s
p27.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 8, highest h 0, planner time 1199.49s
p23.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 4, highest h 0, planner time 1199.62s
p12.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 82, highest h 0, planner time 1200.18s
p04.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 101, highest h 0, planner time 1200.10s
p29.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 10, highest h 0, planner time 1199.44s
p18.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 7, highest h 0, planner time 1199.25s
p14.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 22, highest h 0, planner time 1199.63s
p25.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 0, planner time 1200.01s
p08.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 14, highest h 0, planner time 1199.41s
p21.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 13, highest h 0, planner time 1198.91s
p10.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 75, highest h 0, planner time 1199.48s
p15.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 12, highest h 0, planner time 1199.23s
p24.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 19, highest h 0, planner time 1199.96s
p09.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 24, highest h 0, planner time 1199.42s
p20.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 4, highest h 0, planner time 1199.11s
p11.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 26, highest h 0, planner time 1199.13s
p05.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 84, highest h 0, planner time 1199.20s
p28.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 18, highest h 0, planner time 1199.34s
p19.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 21, highest h 0, planner time 1199.56s
p30.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 1, highest h 0, planner time 1200.08s
p01.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 39, highest h 0, planner time 1199.61s
