p26.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 1, highest h 0, planner time 1199.36s
p17.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 4, highest h 0, planner time 1199.17s
p13.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 5, highest h 0, planner time 1199.09s
p22.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1199.79s
p07.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 10, highest h 0, planner time 1199.81s
p03.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 27, highest h 0, planner time 1200.14s
p06.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 14, highest h 0, planner time 1200.08s
p02.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 39, highest h 0, planner time 1199.73s
p27.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 1, highest h 0, planner time 1199.56s
p16.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 4, highest h 0, planner time 1199.27s
p12.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 6, highest h 0, planner time 1199.44s
p23.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1199.58s
p04.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 20, highest h 0, planner time 1199.41s
p18.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 0, planner time 1199.88s
p29.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 1, highest h 0, planner time 1199.13s
p25.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1200.11s
p14.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 5, highest h 0, planner time 1199.78s
p10.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 7, highest h 0, planner time 1200.14s
p21.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1199.87s
p08.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 9, highest h 0, planner time 1199.95s
p24.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1199.36s
p15.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 5, highest h 0, planner time 1199.96s
p11.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 7, highest h 0, planner time 1199.84s
p20.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 0, planner time 1199.33s
p09.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 8, highest h 0, planner time 1199.29s
p05.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 13, highest h 0, planner time 1199.80s
p01.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 27, highest h 0, planner time 1199.68s
p30.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 1, highest h 0, planner time 1199.65s
p19.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 0, planner time 1199.45s
p28.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 1, highest h 0, planner time 1199.62s
