p04.pddl: Solution found with plan length 8, expanded 9, evaluated 12, generated 11, highest h 5, planner time 6.80s
p18.pddl: Solution found with plan length 14, expanded 22, evaluated 42, generated 42, highest h 11, planner time 6.83s
p29.pddl: Solution found with plan length 21, expanded 39, evaluated 111, generated 110, highest h 17, planner time 7.01s
p25.pddl: Solution found with plan length 20, expanded 41, evaluated 114, generated 118, highest h 16, planner time 7.37s
p14.pddl: Solution found with plan length 14, expanded 22, evaluated 41, generated 41, highest h 11, planner time 6.81s
p08.pddl: Solution found with plan length 10, expanded 11, evaluated 17, generated 16, highest h 8, planner time 7.01s
p10.pddl: Solution found with plan length 11, expanded 13, evaluated 20, generated 19, highest h 8, planner time 6.62s
p21.pddl: Solution found with plan length 17, expanded 23, evaluated 59, generated 58, highest h 14, planner time 6.93s
p24.pddl: Solution found with plan length 18, expanded 24, evaluated 61, generated 61, highest h 15, planner time 7.02s
p15.pddl: Solution found with plan length 14, expanded 27, evaluated 48, generated 52, highest h 10, planner time 7.04s
p09.pddl: Solution found with plan length 10, expanded 12, evaluated 18, generated 17, highest h 8, planner time 6.93s
p11.pddl: Solution found with plan length 11, expanded 17, evaluated 26, generated 26, highest h 8, planner time 6.72s
p20.pddl: Solution found with plan length 17, expanded 20, evaluated 55, generated 55, highest h 14, planner time 6.89s
p05.pddl: Solution found with plan length 8, expanded 10, evaluated 14, generated 14, highest h 4, planner time 6.84s
p19.pddl: Solution found with plan length 17, expanded 46, evaluated 92, generated 96, highest h 14, planner time 7.35s
p28.pddl: Solution found with plan length 21, expanded 41, evaluated 113, generated 114, highest h 18, planner time 7.22s
p01.pddl: Solution found with plan length 7, expanded 8, evaluated 9, generated 8, highest h 5, planner time 6.70s
p30.pddl: Solution found with plan length 21, expanded 42, evaluated 116, generated 116, highest h 17, planner time 7.16s
p26.pddl: Solution found with plan length 20, expanded 26, evaluated 89, generated 89, highest h 17, planner time 7.01s
p17.pddl: Solution found with plan length 14, expanded 35, evaluated 64, generated 68, highest h 11, planner time 7.04s
p13.pddl: Solution found with plan length 13, expanded 29, evaluated 49, generated 49, highest h 10, planner time 6.81s
p22.pddl: Solution found with plan length 17, expanded 20, evaluated 56, generated 56, highest h 14, planner time 6.86s
p07.pddl: Solution found with plan length 10, expanded 12, evaluated 18, generated 17, highest h 8, planner time 6.60s
p03.pddl: Solution found with plan length 7, expanded 8, evaluated 9, generated 8, highest h 5, planner time 6.86s
p06.pddl: Solution found with plan length 9, expanded 10, evaluated 13, generated 12, highest h 5, planner time 7.03s
p02.pddl: Solution found with plan length 7, expanded 8, evaluated 9, generated 8, highest h 5, planner time 7.48s
p27.pddl: Solution found with plan length 21, expanded 32, evaluated 96, generated 96, highest h 17, planner time 7.98s
p16.pddl: Solution found with plan length 14, expanded 20, evaluated 38, generated 37, highest h 11, planner time 6.97s
p12.pddl: Solution found with plan length 12, expanded 14, evaluated 26, generated 26, highest h 8, planner time 6.91s
p23.pddl: Solution found with plan length 18, expanded 19, evaluated 54, generated 53, highest h 15, planner time 7.07s
