p04.pddl: Solution found with plan length 7, expanded 10, evaluated 12, generated 11, highest h 5, planner time 8.03s
p18.pddl: Solution found with plan length 14, expanded 22, evaluated 42, generated 42, highest h 8, planner time 8.10s
p29.pddl: Solution found with plan length 21, expanded 51, evaluated 127, generated 126, highest h 18, planner time 8.53s
p25.pddl: Solution found with plan length 20, expanded 43, evaluated 116, generated 120, highest h 13, planner time 8.49s
p14.pddl: Solution found with plan length 14, expanded 22, evaluated 41, generated 41, highest h 8, planner time 7.96s
p08.pddl: Solution found with plan length 10, expanded 11, evaluated 17, generated 16, highest h 8, planner time 7.71s
p10.pddl: Solution found with plan length 11, expanded 13, evaluated 20, generated 19, highest h 5, planner time 7.88s
p21.pddl: Solution found with plan length 17, expanded 23, evaluated 59, generated 58, highest h 14, planner time 8.19s
p24.pddl: Solution found with plan length 18, expanded 25, evaluated 62, generated 62, highest h 15, planner time 8.05s
p15.pddl: Solution found with plan length 14, expanded 28, evaluated 49, generated 53, highest h 8, planner time 8.25s
p09.pddl: Solution found with plan length 10, expanded 12, evaluated 18, generated 17, highest h 8, planner time 7.80s
p11.pddl: Solution found with plan length 11, expanded 17, evaluated 26, generated 26, highest h 5, planner time 7.62s
p20.pddl: Solution found with plan length 17, expanded 20, evaluated 55, generated 55, highest h 14, planner time 7.82s
p05.pddl: Solution found with plan length 7, expanded 11, evaluated 14, generated 14, highest h 2, planner time 7.36s
p19.pddl: Solution found with plan length 17, expanded 52, evaluated 99, generated 103, highest h 11, planner time 7.89s
p28.pddl: Solution found with plan length 21, expanded 89, evaluated 180, generated 188, highest h 17, planner time 8.67s
p01.pddl: Solution found with plan length 7, expanded 8, evaluated 9, generated 8, highest h 2, planner time 7.46s
p30.pddl: Solution found with plan length 21, expanded 66, evaluated 151, generated 152, highest h 14, planner time 8.81s
p26.pddl: Solution found with plan length 20, expanded 27, evaluated 90, generated 90, highest h 14, planner time 8.05s
p17.pddl: Solution found with plan length 14, expanded 37, evaluated 66, generated 70, highest h 11, planner time 8.47s
p13.pddl: Solution found with plan length 13, expanded 31, evaluated 51, generated 51, highest h 8, planner time 7.91s
p22.pddl: Solution found with plan length 17, expanded 20, evaluated 56, generated 56, highest h 11, planner time 7.87s
p07.pddl: Solution found with plan length 10, expanded 12, evaluated 18, generated 17, highest h 8, planner time 7.32s
p03.pddl: Solution found with plan length 7, expanded 8, evaluated 9, generated 8, highest h 2, planner time 7.63s
p06.pddl: Solution found with plan length 8, expanded 11, evaluated 13, generated 12, highest h 2, planner time 8.66s
p02.pddl: Solution found with plan length 7, expanded 8, evaluated 9, generated 8, highest h 2, planner time 8.32s
p27.pddl: Solution found with plan length 21, expanded 45, evaluated 116, generated 117, highest h 17, planner time 8.95s
p16.pddl: Solution found with plan length 14, expanded 21, evaluated 39, generated 38, highest h 12, planner time 8.60s
p12.pddl: Solution found with plan length 11, expanded 12, evaluated 20, generated 19, highest h 8, planner time 8.14s
p23.pddl: Solution found with plan length 18, expanded 19, evaluated 54, generated 53, highest h 14, planner time 8.48s
