p06.pddl: Solution found with plan length 8, expanded 11, evaluated 25, generated 54, highest h 6, planner time 6.42s
p02.pddl: Solution found with plan length 4, expanded 5, evaluated 9, generated 14, highest h 3, planner time 6.97s
p16.pddl: Solution found with plan length 22, expanded 50, evaluated 148, generated 554, highest h 19, planner time 6.72s
p27.pddl: Solution found with plan length 33, expanded 91, evaluated 331, generated 1554, highest h 29, planner time 6.78s
p23.pddl: Solution found with plan length 26, expanded 45, evaluated 264, generated 683, highest h 26, planner time 6.50s
p12.pddl: Solution found with plan length 13, expanded 23, evaluated 83, generated 208, highest h 11, planner time 6.49s
p17.pddl: Solution found with plan length 20, expanded 51, evaluated 160, generated 615, highest h 18, planner time 6.47s
p26.pddl: Solution found with plan length 31, expanded 87, evaluated 334, generated 1489, highest h 29, planner time 6.68s
p22.pddl: Solution found with plan length 28, expanded 71, evaluated 244, generated 999, highest h 25, planner time 6.82s
p13.pddl: Solution found with plan length 18, expanded 29, evaluated 103, generated 264, highest h 16, planner time 6.52s
p07.pddl: Solution found with plan length 10, expanded 17, evaluated 46, generated 105, highest h 9, planner time 6.37s
p03.pddl: Solution found with plan length 4, expanded 8, evaluated 11, generated 30, highest h 3, planner time 6.42s
p15.pddl: Solution found with plan length 17, expanded 35, evaluated 113, generated 352, highest h 15, planner time 6.46s
p24.pddl: Solution found with plan length 30, expanded 70, evaluated 281, generated 1128, highest h 27, planner time 6.65s
p09.pddl: Solution found with plan length 11, expanded 19, evaluated 50, generated 133, highest h 9, planner time 6.56s
p20.pddl: Solution found with plan length 24, expanded 50, evaluated 201, generated 655, highest h 23, planner time 6.69s
p11.pddl: Solution found with plan length 14, expanded 22, evaluated 75, generated 178, highest h 12, planner time 6.49s
p05.pddl: Solution found with plan length 7, expanded 8, evaluated 25, generated 39, highest h 5, planner time 6.41s
p28.pddl: Solution found with plan length 37, expanded 117, evaluated 388, generated 2115, highest h 32, planner time 6.82s
p19.pddl: Solution found with plan length 24, expanded 56, evaluated 200, generated 732, highest h 21, planner time 6.67s
p30.pddl: Solution found with plan length 32, expanded 62, evaluated 411, generated 1189, highest h 32, planner time 6.84s
p01.pddl: Solution found with plan length 4, expanded 6, evaluated 9, generated 17, highest h 3, planner time 6.40s
p04.pddl: Solution found with plan length 8, expanded 12, evaluated 21, generated 48, highest h 6, planner time 6.57s
p29.pddl: Solution found with plan length 33, expanded 76, evaluated 392, generated 1381, highest h 32, planner time 6.66s
p18.pddl: Solution found with plan length 18, expanded 31, evaluated 165, generated 380, highest h 18, planner time 6.46s
p14.pddl: Solution found with plan length 17, expanded 38, evaluated 114, generated 383, highest h 16, planner time 6.61s
p25.pddl: Solution found with plan length 30, expanded 82, evaluated 315, generated 1322, highest h 26, planner time 6.66s
p08.pddl: Solution found with plan length 11, expanded 16, evaluated 44, generated 97, highest h 10, planner time 6.59s
p21.pddl: Solution found with plan length 25, expanded 53, evaluated 215, generated 746, highest h 22, planner time 6.44s
p10.pddl: Solution found with plan length 15, expanded 22, evaluated 74, generated 177, highest h 13, planner time 6.36s
