p06.pddl: Solution found with plan length 8, expanded 11, evaluated 25, generated 54, highest h 6, planner time 7.60s
p02.pddl: Solution found with plan length 4, expanded 5, evaluated 9, generated 14, highest h 3, planner time 7.63s
p16.pddl: Solution found with plan length 22, expanded 50, evaluated 148, generated 554, highest h 19, planner time 7.60s
p27.pddl: Solution found with plan length 33, expanded 91, evaluated 331, generated 1554, highest h 29, planner time 8.00s
p23.pddl: Solution found with plan length 26, expanded 45, evaluated 264, generated 683, highest h 26, planner time 7.84s
p12.pddl: Solution found with plan length 13, expanded 23, evaluated 83, generated 208, highest h 11, planner time 7.45s
p17.pddl: Solution found with plan length 20, expanded 51, evaluated 160, generated 615, highest h 18, planner time 7.71s
p26.pddl: Solution found with plan length 31, expanded 78, evaluated 332, generated 1334, highest h 29, planner time 7.85s
p22.pddl: Solution found with plan length 28, expanded 75, evaluated 244, generated 1055, highest h 25, planner time 7.85s
p13.pddl: Solution found with plan length 18, expanded 29, evaluated 103, generated 264, highest h 16, planner time 7.80s
p07.pddl: Solution found with plan length 10, expanded 17, evaluated 46, generated 105, highest h 9, planner time 7.52s
p03.pddl: Solution found with plan length 4, expanded 8, evaluated 11, generated 30, highest h 3, planner time 7.48s
p15.pddl: Solution found with plan length 17, expanded 35, evaluated 113, generated 352, highest h 15, planner time 7.68s
p24.pddl: Solution found with plan length 30, expanded 70, evaluated 281, generated 1128, highest h 27, planner time 7.84s
p09.pddl: Solution found with plan length 11, expanded 19, evaluated 50, generated 133, highest h 9, planner time 7.72s
p20.pddl: Solution found with plan length 24, expanded 50, evaluated 201, generated 655, highest h 23, planner time 7.80s
p11.pddl: Solution found with plan length 14, expanded 22, evaluated 75, generated 178, highest h 12, planner time 7.49s
p05.pddl: Solution found with plan length 7, expanded 8, evaluated 25, generated 39, highest h 5, planner time 7.73s
p28.pddl: Solution found with plan length 37, expanded 105, evaluated 386, generated 1897, highest h 31, planner time 7.63s
p19.pddl: Solution found with plan length 24, expanded 55, evaluated 200, generated 719, highest h 21, planner time 7.84s
p30.pddl: Solution found with plan length 33, expanded 69, evaluated 409, generated 1320, highest h 32, planner time 8.00s
p01.pddl: Solution found with plan length 4, expanded 6, evaluated 9, generated 17, highest h 3, planner time 7.32s
p04.pddl: Solution found with plan length 8, expanded 12, evaluated 21, generated 48, highest h 6, planner time 7.51s
p29.pddl: Solution found with plan length 35, expanded 74, evaluated 388, generated 1341, highest h 31, planner time 7.97s
p18.pddl: Solution found with plan length 18, expanded 31, evaluated 165, generated 380, highest h 18, planner time 7.60s
p14.pddl: Solution found with plan length 17, expanded 38, evaluated 114, generated 383, highest h 16, planner time 7.82s
p25.pddl: Solution found with plan length 30, expanded 82, evaluated 315, generated 1322, highest h 26, planner time 7.90s
p08.pddl: Solution found with plan length 11, expanded 16, evaluated 44, generated 97, highest h 8, planner time 7.86s
p21.pddl: Solution found with plan length 25, expanded 53, evaluated 215, generated 746, highest h 22, planner time 7.85s
p10.pddl: Solution found with plan length 15, expanded 21, evaluated 74, generated 169, highest h 13, planner time 7.63s
