p18.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 228, highest h 166, planner time 601.10s
p29.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 272, highest h 225, planner time 601.58s
p04.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 89, highest h 56, planner time 601.33s
p10.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 178, highest h 101, planner time 601.44s
p21.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 117, highest h 183, planner time 601.45s
p08.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 222, highest h 89, planner time 601.88s
p25.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 96, highest h 196, planner time 601.01s
p14.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 66, highest h 130, planner time 601.89s
p11.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 238, highest h 112, planner time 601.19s
p20.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 72, highest h 170, planner time 601.74s
p09.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 262, highest h 99, planner time 601.63s
p24.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 185, highest h 194, planner time 602.73s
p15.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 251, highest h 137, planner time 601.41s
p01.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 171, highest h 62, planner time 602.40s
p30.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 103, highest h 227, planner time 599.75s
p19.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 74, highest h 162, planner time 601.81s
p28.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 88, highest h 209, planner time 602.43s
p05.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 171, highest h 62, planner time 602.40s
p13.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 131, highest h 126, planner time 602.04s
p22.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 179, highest h 156, planner time 601.37s
p26.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 65, highest h 209, planner time 601.11s
p17.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 159, highest h 149, planner time 601.39s
p03.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 139, highest h 50, planner time 601.67s
p07.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 211, highest h 73, planner time 601.01s
p02.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 168, highest h 45, planner time 602.09s
p06.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 158, highest h 70, planner time 601.44s
p12.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 238, highest h 104, planner time 602.50s
p23.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 161, highest h 179, planner time 601.73s
p27.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 117, highest h 216, planner time 600.88s
p16.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 159, highest h 146, planner time 601.25s