p26.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 84, highest h 2850, planner time 1203.97s
p17.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 83, highest h 2605, planner time 1203.62s
p13.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 86, highest h 2612, planner time 1203.52s
p22.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 86, highest h 2782, planner time 1203.75s
p07.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 113, highest h 2362, planner time 1202.76s
p03.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 145, highest h 2111, planner time 1203.47s
p06.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 81, highest h 2364, planner time 1202.89s
p02.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 145, highest h 2113, planner time 1201.40s
p27.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 89, highest h 2848, planner time 1202.95s
p16.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 101, highest h 2607, planner time 1202.63s
p12.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 99, highest h 2614, planner time 1203.83s
p23.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 87, highest h 2854, planner time 1203.33s
p04.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 98, highest h 2339, planner time 1202.99s
p18.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 87, highest h 2605, planner time 1202.97s
p29.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 86, highest h 2846, planner time 1203.12s
p25.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 85, highest h 2853, planner time 1202.70s
p14.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 93, highest h 2609, planner time 1203.21s
p08.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 95, highest h 2362, planner time 1202.63s
p10.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 95, highest h 2560, planner time 1203.65s
p21.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 87, highest h 2774, planner time 1203.15s
p24.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 92, highest h 2853, planner time 1203.23s
p15.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 84, highest h 2609, planner time 1203.22s
p09.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 91, highest h 2563, planner time 1201.46s
p11.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 99, highest h 2614, planner time 1201.48s
p20.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 82, highest h 2601, planner time 1201.61s
p05.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 99, highest h 2339, planner time 1203.08s
p19.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 97, highest h 2603, planner time 1201.66s
p28.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 87, highest h 2848, planner time 1201.65s
p01.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 142, highest h 1883, planner time 1203.79s
p30.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 76, highest h 2858, planner time 1202.05s
