p29.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 1206.39s
p18.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 21, highest h 905, planner time 1205.68s
p04.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 1205.01s
p08.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 1204.82s
p21.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 1205.56s
p10.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 16, highest h 776, planner time 1205.44s
p14.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 42, highest h 990, planner time 1205.45s
p25.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 22, highest h 1224, planner time 1205.65s
p09.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 1204.91s
p20.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 1205.07s
p11.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 23, highest h 761, planner time 1205.93s
p15.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 1205.13s
p24.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 1205.22s
p28.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 1205.59s
p19.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 1204.75s
p30.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 1205.45s
p01.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 13, highest h 681, planner time 1204.80s
p05.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 1205.17s
p22.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 1204.64s
p13.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 1205.00s
p17.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 1205.33s
p26.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 1205.50s
p03.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 23, highest h 688, planner time 1204.34s
p07.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 28, highest h 850, planner time 1204.55s
p02.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 21, highest h 718, planner time 1204.37s
p06.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 1205.28s
p23.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 1205.28s
p12.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 1205.40s
p16.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 1205.48s
p27.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 0, highest h 0, planner time 1206.54s
