p29.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1198.97s
p18.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 4, highest h 0, planner time 1199.44s
p04.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 41, highest h 0, planner time 1199.05s
p21.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 0, planner time 1199.59s
p10.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 14, highest h 0, planner time 1199.71s
p08.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 25, highest h 0, planner time 1198.79s
p14.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 7, highest h 0, planner time 1199.32s
p25.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1199.70s
p20.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 4, highest h 0, planner time 1199.06s
p11.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 11, highest h 0, planner time 1199.52s
p09.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 17, highest h 0, planner time 1199.13s
p15.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 6, highest h 0, planner time 1199.38s
p24.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 0, planner time 1198.88s
p30.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1199.21s
p01.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 39, highest h 0, planner time 1199.38s
p28.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1199.30s
p19.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 4, highest h 0, planner time 1199.24s
p05.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 47, highest h 0, planner time 1199.48s
p22.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 0, planner time 1199.54s
p13.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 8, highest h 0, planner time 1198.76s
p17.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 5, highest h 0, planner time 1198.98s
p26.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1199.24s
p03.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 38, highest h 0, planner time 1199.71s
p07.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 48, highest h 0, planner time 1199.52s
p02.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 39, highest h 0, planner time 1199.38s
p06.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 50, highest h 0, planner time 1198.78s
p23.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 3, highest h 0, planner time 1199.25s
p12.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 9, highest h 0, planner time 1199.09s
p16.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 5, highest h 0, planner time 1198.98s
p27.pddl: Problem could not be solved. Steps until abortion 2, highest h 0, planner time 1199.01s
