p12.pddl: Solution found with plan length 11, expanded 12, evaluated 20, generated 19, highest h 8, planner time 9.55s
p23.pddl: Solution found with plan length 18, expanded 19, evaluated 54, generated 53, highest h 14, planner time 9.69s
p27.pddl: Solution found with plan length 21, expanded 44, evaluated 115, generated 116, highest h 17, planner time 9.84s
p16.pddl: Solution found with plan length 14, expanded 21, evaluated 39, generated 38, highest h 11, planner time 10.37s
p02.pddl: Solution found with plan length 7, expanded 8, evaluated 9, generated 8, highest h 2, planner time 9.31s
p06.pddl: Solution found with plan length 9, expanded 10, evaluated 13, generated 12, highest h 5, planner time 9.59s
p03.pddl: Solution found with plan length 7, expanded 8, evaluated 9, generated 8, highest h 2, planner time 9.28s
p07.pddl: Solution found with plan length 10, expanded 12, evaluated 18, generated 17, highest h 7, planner time 9.61s
p13.pddl: Solution found with plan length 13, expanded 31, evaluated 51, generated 51, highest h 10, planner time 9.73s
p22.pddl: Solution found with plan length 17, expanded 20, evaluated 56, generated 56, highest h 14, planner time 9.91s
p26.pddl: Solution found with plan length 20, expanded 27, evaluated 90, generated 90, highest h 17, planner time 10.85s
p17.pddl: Solution found with plan length 14, expanded 37, evaluated 66, generated 70, highest h 11, planner time 9.92s
p01.pddl: Solution found with plan length 7, expanded 8, evaluated 9, generated 8, highest h 2, planner time 9.99s
p30.pddl: Solution found with plan length 21, expanded 61, evaluated 145, generated 146, highest h 17, planner time 10.06s
p19.pddl: Solution found with plan length 17, expanded 52, evaluated 99, generated 103, highest h 13, planner time 10.01s
p28.pddl: Solution found with plan length 21, expanded 76, evaluated 162, generated 167, highest h 18, planner time 10.41s
p05.pddl: Solution found with plan length 7, expanded 11, evaluated 14, generated 14, highest h 4, planner time 10.08s
p11.pddl: Solution found with plan length 11, expanded 17, evaluated 26, generated 26, highest h 8, planner time 9.64s
p20.pddl: Solution found with plan length 17, expanded 20, evaluated 55, generated 55, highest h 14, planner time 9.67s
p09.pddl: Solution found with plan length 10, expanded 12, evaluated 18, generated 17, highest h 7, planner time 9.59s
p24.pddl: Solution found with plan length 18, expanded 25, evaluated 62, generated 62, highest h 15, planner time 12.67s
p15.pddl: Solution found with plan length 14, expanded 28, evaluated 49, generated 53, highest h 10, planner time 9.91s
p10.pddl: Solution found with plan length 11, expanded 13, evaluated 20, generated 19, highest h 8, planner time 10.07s
p21.pddl: Solution found with plan length 17, expanded 23, evaluated 59, generated 58, highest h 13, planner time 9.84s
p08.pddl: Solution found with plan length 10, expanded 11, evaluated 17, generated 16, highest h 7, planner time 9.58s
p25.pddl: Solution found with plan length 20, expanded 43, evaluated 116, generated 120, highest h 16, planner time 10.02s
p14.pddl: Solution found with plan length 14, expanded 22, evaluated 41, generated 41, highest h 10, planner time 9.64s
p18.pddl: Solution found with plan length 14, expanded 22, evaluated 42, generated 42, highest h 11, planner time 9.84s
p29.pddl: Solution found with plan length 21, expanded 50, evaluated 126, generated 125, highest h 17, planner time 10.35s
p04.pddl: Solution found with plan length 7, expanded 10, evaluated 12, generated 11, highest h 5, planner time 9.19s
